Once again I'm gonna take minutes. first we have a prototype presentation by and. evaluation crit criteria. in combination with the finance I I received a an an Excel file. which we have to fill in later on. and then we must see if we stay under the twelve and a half Euro. And after that, an evaluation of the process how we how we have done it here with the SMARTboard, with the with our laptops, with the all all this. Once again, forty minutes,. I would give the word to and for the prototype presentation.
Shall I give a short introduction and then
Yeah, well sure.
This was our first concept. We decided to use a single touch-screen. And, well, we began with with a form of shape, that is is easy to hold in one hand, left or right handed. well, during the meeting I showed you the concept of placing the buttons on top, usable with your thumb,. and the menu structure, if necessary, with your other hand,
Yeah, well, and as you saw, we would just have the basic remote with the panel LCD screen. Well, these would be the main buttons,. h you could change them later on in your own profile if you want to. We have the more advanced menu setting right here. We have the sub-menus and stu stuff. As you can see, this there, there are two weird bumps in it. This is for the added effect of well youth and dynamic. And so when you put it on the table, it will just lay down. The panel we you would hide with some more rubber layers,
But the overlaying layer is a little bit curved and stuff.
You can make a more thinner design,
So, you have room here for your battery. S and you can just be the the layer of the touchscreen and some have some wires underneath it to make it as thin as possible in the middle for good grip.
You can see there's a a very youthful dynamic exterior.
It's like an Easter egg.
Yeah, it's like an but this is for children. We we want a more adult version. So this actually basic the idea. We we just want to build a more adult vers adult version of of this. And and for colours, we we figured starting with basic colours like white or metallic grey. Those are the technological colours actually,
It would be best to to appeal to a broad public and make the covers exchangeable,. so the young people will buy an orange and a red and blue and a purple,. but when the older people go in the shop and they see an orange remote control, it would be less appealing than a white one. And young people, we think, are a little bit more flexible,. they think, ah I'll buy for a couple of Euros some noi nice hip
Maybe it's an idea to sell it without a cover, so that you can pick a cover in the in the shop.
I think a cover is necessary,. So, there must be some cheap standard cover,
Yeah, but you you mustn't forget that our target aim is younger people. So I think it will be a better idea to have some flashy fruity colours as as a standard,. and for the people who really want a more sophisticated, more traditional look, they're willing to pay that.
Yeah. Yeah, maybe yeah, perhaps you're right.
Maybe we could develop a cover with wood style.
A wood style, a white and a couple of hip fruity colours. And lea delivered standard with a fruity colour, but not too not too much.
But, the mai I think th the standard must be some kind of attractive flashy colours. Not too, but a little,
Now is the time to evaluate our prototype concept to to the past requirements. we're going to do that with a seven point scale. We have to be consensive about about things. We're going to vote. The remote control is designed for people with age below forty.
Yeah, it's not just designed for people under the age of forty. It's also designed for people above forty. Yeah, two or three,
The remote control is beautiful. acco according to us, it's one? Or. Of of course you have to be very positive and enthusiastic about your own product. the remote control looks fancy. The remote control has big, clear channel switching buttons. teletext buttons and volume buttons?
Teletext is in the menu. Volume is true.
Yeah, the they are big and clear.. I would give it a more a five or a six.
The remote control is easy to be found.
Well, when we put in fancy colours, yeah
Yeah, it has these all these fruity colours and it has a strange shape.
If you put your normal remote control under your bed, or you throw this remote control under your bed, is it better findable?
It'll make a difference.
Well, we we can do it glow in the dark.
Because four is between three and also between between true and false.
According to the the other remote controls, there may be there in your TV room, this one will stand out, I think.
If your fifteen remotes in a drawer, you find it, yeah?
If this lying on your couch, you're you're you think what's that for kinda orange thing.
But but the survey under users was that they really lost it.
Yeah, that's stupid. Most of times when you lose it you're sitting on it.
The remote control has fresh, fruity colours.
I would call choose two,. 'cause we decided not to make two fresh colours, as it would not.
Yeah, yeah, not too flashy. The remote control is made of soft material.
Yeah, rubber, is kind of soft.
Yeah, but not too soft we have decided. Easy to use. One.
It's it's not the most easy to use. Jus just with ten buttons, that's the easiest. Yeah, but the most easy to use is just with one button
It is it is rather easy to use, because you have the primary buttons always visible.
Okay, two. Yeah, two.
The remote control is innovative. The remote control has remova removable from Multilux. The remote control, i it has speech recognition. The remote control has built-in games?
But, maybe make it two, because the games are in a sub-menu and not it's not an entire game.
Yeah, but they are built in, so it's one.
And the last, paren parental advisory function.
Okay, we have now to to calculate the production cost. Yeah, if the costs are under twelve and a half Euro, then we can ra move on to the project evaluation, as we have experienced it. Otherwise, we have do have to do a little redesign thingy. So
Battery, yes. One.
So it's only once double-curved. We're now in a problem, 'cause we have reached eleven Euro yet.
Then we'll see we'll we'll see wha how much we are over budget.
Special is the special colour?
No, this is a standard colour.
Yeah, but we want to make the wood colours, that
Yes, this is a special colour.
Yeah, if if you're honest, we'll type one, special colour.
Yeah, but but but Daniel, tha that's that's another brand. That's another article
Well, we're only four Euro over budget. Well, other case, we can make it single-curved or uncurved.
The kinetic thing, can we just skip it,. because you have to shake it, but that's not really innovative.
What do you think about putting a battery in it, but also selling like the covers, a docking station
But you can use rechargeable batteries anyway, just you you have to recharge them manual.
Well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved.
So we have to bake the ba back flat, and then. No, it's it's just one curve and not a back curved I think. Or
But it's its' well it's it's it is the main point of the the the the look.
No advanced chip, that's a little bit of problem.
So, if we do this, we're on twelve and a half Euro.
If you make it double-curved, it costs one Euro more.
There's an a a athe aesthetic value, but not functionality.
But I don't know if twelve and a half is a fixed fixed price.
Yeah, well let's assume it is. But I I figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion. No, well, I mean, you can go into your neighbour and tell him, ha, my remote control is kinetic.
Yeah, but it doesn't fit in our co cost profile. So
Because if you want to go to kinetic, you're you're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat,. and I think now it's it's more of a compromise. Well, we were above, so we did a little redesign. now it's about time to talk about this project. was there room for creativity in our meetings or in your individual meetings?
I I didn't think so. That there was a lot of room for it. But, that's mainly because of the information that was delivered to us. and I couldn't go on on i on the internet and search my own stuff. Bu
Well, I th I think you two, especially you and and Daniel, you you you both had the less creative roles in the project. I think Jeroen and I, we had a more design we could have more we had more room for creativity than than you two.
How about the leadership?
I thought the first meeting was a little bit of unstructured meeting. but you could have structure it a little bit more. So like, I I was talking most of the time the first meeting meeting, and
I was a I was also very unhappy, very unsatisfied about the. and I think the the last two meetings also we we reached some good decisions about talk
No, it you did better.
Yeah, more more consensus. Well, we work together on a project, but everybody has his own task.
And it's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed. But, really teamwork were you two
Nah. Yeah, we we had some trouble with the pen, but
D just write your name right now. he he knows how it works, yeah. The idea is great, but it doesn't work properly.
It's it's not real real use for me.
I it's the same concept as the pen, where you have to download the software or very slow.
Be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things,
And the eraser was another problem. M Abo What kind of new ideas?
Well, the the idea of the touch-screen is
New ideas about the working of this software, about about the project, about the remote controls or
I don't know what what I mean.
The the mean number is one point eight one point eight six. So that's fairly fairly good, I think. all the requirements are true or very true, right. Yep.
People will still feel the need to to write it quickly on a page and not download it and save it, and
You had expected it to to be more more
And now you have to keep constantly in mind that you're drawing on this screen. And writing text, yeah, you've gotta really do your best to write some
Just t type text, and that that would be excellent.
Here. Picture from scanner, clip-art.
But not the the the the predefined squares I think. So there the the the functionality is there,. but it's not it's not ideal,. it costs a lot of time to
To use, yeah.
The costs are within the budget. the project is evaluated. because there must be some kind of end report. about all the meetings, what we have decided,. here is standing whoa, we can celebrate now, but the end report is
You have now ten minutes left to finish up the end report.
Maybe we can do it together. So I I I will put it on a story-board. this is about the functional design,
It's a read-only version.
But you can save it the under another name.
About the three functions where which are most used and which must immediately be visible on our remote control. it must be simple to use, very clear what to do, and at the younger people.
No, you have to put, switch channels at the top, because that's the most used function and teletext at the second. a volume changing, second. S switch, yes.
Then the conceptual design.
Well, okay, maybe you can add it later that we decided in the end because of the cost.
He here it is still double-curve, the rubber, the flashy, the fruity, the removable.
It's not double.
Nay but that this is what
Was initial, the plan. The initial plan.
And the the added functions like Tetris snake,
The added functions., was it included in the cost? I don't think so, eh?
Okay, so anybody misses something here about
Yeah, the end conclusion.
That's that's what I'm gonna write between now.
Yeah, but but the the decisions are put in the conclusion, I think.
Well I gonna redesign something now.
Oh, before you change anything maybe you save it first.
Finish meeting now. I'm going to finish my end report.